---
title: "300 swings 30 days"
date: 2020-09-17T16:54:54-04:00
draft: false
tags: ["fitness", "self-development", "kettlebells"]
categories: ["fitness"]
---


So I read a challenge on the web to do 300 kettlebell swings with a 24kg bell for 30 days. I am not sure why I have to add a line here. What is the difference with one line break. I am not sure. So I read a challenge on the web to do 300 kettlebell swings with a 24kg bell for 30 days. I am not sure why I have to add a line here. What is the difference with one line break. I am not sure. So I read a challenge on the web to do 300 kettlebell swings with a 24kg bell for 30 days. I am not sure why I have to add a line here. What is the difference with one line break. I am not sure. So I read a challenge on the web to do 300 kettlebell swings with a 24kg bell for 30 days. I am not sure why I have to add a line here. What is the difference with one line break. I am not sure. So I read a challenge on the web to do 300 kettlebell swings with a 24kg bell for 30 days. I am not sure why I have to add a line here. What is the difference with one line break. I am not sure. So I read a challenge on the web to do 300 kettlebell swings with a 24kg bell for 30 days. I am not sure why I have to add a line here. What is the difference with one line break. I am not sure. So I read a challenge on the web to do 300 kettlebell swings with a 24kg bell for 30 days. I am not sure why I have to add a line here. What is the difference with one line break. I am not sure. So I read a challenge on the web to do 300 kettlebell swings with a 24kg bell for 30 days. I am not sure why I have to add a line here. What is the difference with one line break. I am not sure. So I read a challenge on the web to do 300 kettlebell swings with a 24kg bell for 30 days. I am not sure why I have to add a line here. What is the difference with one line break. I am not sure.  So I read a challenge on the web to do 300 kettlebell swings with a 24kg bell for 30 days. I am not sure why I have to add a line here. What is the difference with one line break. I am not sure. So I read a challenge on the web to do 300 kettlebell swings with a 24kg bell for 30 days. I am not sure why I have to add a line here. What is the difference with one line break. I am not sure.
